Great job getting through all of the transformation exercises.
I know there was a lot of information and a lot of exercises to go through,
but I also want to remind you that a lot of a data scientists
work is transforming data and getting the data ready for analysis.
So, this is a lot of good practice.
You're almost at the end of the lesson.
In this next part, you'll practice loading data into different formats like CSV,
JSON, and into a database.
The entire exercise is contained in just this one notebook.
If you want an extra challenge,
you'll find a challenge exercise at the end of the notebook that
involves creating a few more sequel tables than in the other exercises.
Again, there's an answer file for this exercise.
If you go to file,
open, and then click on the solution file.
You'll also notice as well that in the beginning of
this exercise all of the data is loaded and transformed for you.
The transformations are things that you practiced earlier in the lesson.
So, I did this for you so that you wouldn't have to repeat the same exercise over again.
That way, you can focus your time on the load portion of the ETL pipeline,
rather than repeating what you've already done.